and warm and not heavy added
this office
I make the bell, Spain, it's good, let's go
to start dancing the armed yes but
before I'll show you the mold and I
I was forgetting about the mold lady
leave in a corner of simple mold is
the mold of the tight shirt that
you already have size one or that
we did with hair last year in the
neck or several more also sleeves
cut three quarters good but for
review has a length of 60 centimeters
obviously the length varies according to
a long that you want gives the
neckline is small because now they will see
that we are going to bend that neckline
then to the tier of these the neckline
It will be 6 centimeters and a bajadita
of 1 nothing else do not worry about the
neckline that is small after a dug
in the front of course I would
installed if you can do instead
if they want
it's simple 20-inch armholes
small with a waist of one centimeter and
medium if the sleeve is with little cup no
it has too much we go down 11 centimeters
simply and in the fist will carry
analytical or 10 centimeters because it's
adjusted you saw already just the
good model now if we go to the armed
good as soon as he will do more let's start
with your back you can see the
material is very cute if you look for it
because they are already in business
I got it but it has already started and it looks and
there are several tones as I told him to live
let's start with the back that what
What we did is a film on the neckline
and I already started working as you
you can see your row mos fold i chamosa
one centimeter and there we sew with a
straight stitching simply straight stitching
or if you want they can also be
a very loose zig zag
we leave the neckline of the
back in this way you can see
the right how it is if we work with
thread to the good tone remember that when
they are going to cut these pieces because they have
hair always have to place the
molds in the same direction yes that yes
Well, if the color does not change, we leave this
in a corner and we go to the forwards
how are we going to work, let's start
sighing
come back from the views in this way with
thread to the tone if we overcome both views and
let's cross it to the front body if
we win we go to the sewing machine
we only know this view
facing the rights to the neckline
only the neckline not shoulder or
continuing the body to the neckline there
let's go to the machine yes and we will perform
a straight seam then prepare the
machines placing straight seam because
here is the stitch of the girls and in
Our wonder of easy point machine
let's carry the line yes and in this
case we are going to perform a zig zag to this
of 5 the stitch has to be big
where possible 7 and remember that the
attention has to be loose in this
case is also in 7 then now yes
let's sew the neckline the view of the
neckline there is with a zigzag
it can be straight posture too that's
as it was said
to these we sew in this way there what
can see crop the surplus and now
If we leave
to the table we continue working
Once we have this so I already
I have done because of course tele
point it is advisable to use another but
if you do not have them replace them with
a sixth and a surf spinning if there is
can see then now if we join the
back and front by the shoulders
We place it in your order
this way
facing the rights but it is
the little secret so that we have one
Good that is neat so much upside down
as of the right they will know well
facing me in fact men but
they will wrap their eyes
in this way they wrap and there we sew
and then I'll show how
we are left with this, the pincushion went
I wanted to run out of mind to
this one once we have this like this
likewise the other shoulder we turn and
you can see how this is
that the one of petro elect of the right and
they are neat now they are going to see upside down
there you can see a good ending
there is what happens that these crimes
they go they move us but there they are
can see right now let's go to the
placement of the closure with regard to
close that is what we are going to do
prepare both or both shoulders like this in the
in closing we will face the
right of the views and we're going to
get the closure in your order
we open of course in this case what
I do in a dark tone so that
you can notice the details but
the closure has to be high they are not going to
harass first they will decide the width
of the hem in this case can be of
three centimeters then in sight and
to do him of course the same
hem three centimeters then one
once they have determined the
we're going to sew
well in this way we face the right
of sight
we know the closure like that in that way
let's sew let's put the other
end like that and we cook it from the same
way I know that you in closing comes out
Work was done with all the
girls now pass result if we go to
finished that we already finished teaching
because it 's putting together a shirt that you
can see is the closure placed and
We take the views like this in this way
going around and how the
easy work live together on each side
mine, be very attentive so that
let's have the sleeves to appointments like
we always close the lower sleeves
sides and double say the garment to 2
centimeters and also the fists and
the bells are already finished try
what taste lives work in the reference
fall if it is a woman that there is
we can win is very light and good
we ended up gentlemen the work the
materials the materials placed
camperitas
20 meter of the world's hair and a close
in this case it is 200 centimeters
a 55-centimeter closure these
gentlemen the yellow will be written and
warm also anticipates thank you very much
being in tune seven girls
and we have to say goodbye as always
we are going to work